02/11/2020

Today, I had to use the unity game manual in order to get an idea of where to start. 
I was trying to use what I learned from the two tutorials over the weekend, but doing tutorials 
and trying to do it by yourself are completely different. I am a bit concerned about my timing for this milestone, 
but I think I can get it done. I might need to use some blackjack tutorials though.The only thing I am concerned about 
is where to start with the scripting and if I should use sprites or the UI canvas. I think the canvas might be my best 
option, but I am not sure about the sizing because the images I imported have to be very big in order to see the design, 
and I do not know how to edit the game cameras range, yet. 
I have been doing a lot of research on paper, so my github check ins are not going to be very spread out, since I am not 
doing a lot of editing on unity yet. I do have the base set up already though, so that is a plus. I hope I can get this 
done in time. I find it very hard to balance my job, rowing and all my classes while trying to sleep and eat like a normal person. 
I went with UI canvas since our 2d card game tutorial has a lot of aspects that I can expand on. I used the script of the draw 
cards from that tutorial as the base for my own, I will need to add the counting and such for black jack rules, but I think 
that needs to go in the game manager. 

02/12/2020

So I found a really good black jack online. I am using this as a basis for my black jack, but I am again having trouble 
with the scripting because I am not sure where to start. I know I need to make a list of cards and have those cards represent 
numbers, and then draw them randomly from the deck for both the dealer and player. I have the visual aspect of my game all set up, 
all I need is the scripting. It is a very difficult process to figure out what works best for me, especially when it is so tempting 
to just copy and paste others, but I would never understand what I am doing, plus I would feel a bit dishonest taking credit for 
someone else's work. 
By the end of today's work, I only need to do the hardest part of the challenge now. RIP. You know what I realized, 
I still have all day tomorrow to figure this out and probably some of Friday as well. That reassures me greatly.

02/14/2020

I finished the game! And it has everything needed, I would like to add some kind of animation, but I am saving that for this 
weekend. When I first started this milestone I was very overwhelmed and I was not sure if I would actually complete it, but I 
found some tutorials and that helped me. Over the course of this last week, I really enjoyed creating this project. To go from 
completely overwhelmed to a bit overconfident in my code is awesome. I can not wait for the next milestone!
